The Business Entity
Cisco is the worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect, communicate, and collaborate. Since 1984, Cisco has led in the innovation of several networking technologies such as routing, switching, security, unified communications, video, and wireless. Cisco continues to lead in new areas such as Cloud, Data Center, Virtualization, SDN, Internet of Things. Our responsible business practices help ensure business sustainability and environmentally conscious operations and products.

Cisco is a $50 Billion dollar global leader in supplying leading edge, best-in-class networking products driving today's Internet. The company is ranked as one of the world's best employers and spends over $6 Billion dollars a year invested in R&D. Cisco is a great and amazing place to grow your career. You will work within an Agile team environment and have the opportunity to continue to enhance your architecture and programming skills.

The Team
You will be part of a team responsible to design, implement and
collaborate on L2 & L3 features that will run on the existing and next
generation of Core and Edge routers and switches. You will have the opportunity to make an impact to the world in a fun thriving environment and to interact closely with Service Provider and OTT/Web customers.

Role & Responsibilities
Participate in the development of software for our routers and switches, with emphasis in routing protocols
Work closely with our customers to assist them in building and deploying leading-edge L2 & L3 features and applications.
Champion new/improved design and testing methodologies
Potentially participate in Cisco Patent Program and standardization activities (IETF, IEEE, etc)
Minimum Qualifications
Typically requires BASc or MASc
Experience in developing embedded systems based on real-time OS
Excellent programming skills in C or C++, Python, TCL or Perl
A grasp of networking technologies, routing protocols, OS infra-structures, Linux
Creative problem solving skills and excellent troubleshooting/debugging skills
Experience with test methodologies
Strong written and verbal communication, experience in presenting ideas/concepts
Ability to handle multiple tasks at the same time, prioritize them and manage time effectively
Self motivated, highly ambitious, has a desire to challenge the status-quo
Desired Skills
CCIE or other networking certifications
@CiscoCareers is #hiring #Software engineer #networking #switching #data center #protocols
Industry
Computer Hardware  Computer Software  Computer Networking
Employment Type
Full-time

Job Functions
Engineering  Information Technology